Adding notes that cover the recent Safari updates .md (#5732)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/troubleshooting.md

![Returning analytics object error](images/CFsktto.gif)

> Segment also provides a Chrome web extension, [Segment Inspector](https://segment.com/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/#segment-inspector), which you can use to validate that you're successfully loading Analytics.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment also provides a Chrome web extension, [Segment Inspector](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/#segment-inspector), which you can use to validate that you're successfully loading Analytics.js.
```

> Segment also provides a Chrome web extension, [Segment Inspector](https://segment.com/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/#segment-inspector), that allows you to easily validate that you are successfully loading Analytics.js.

Reviewer 2: 🙏

> Segment also provides a Chrome web extension, [Segment Inspector](https://segment.com/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/#segment-inspector), that allows you to easily validate that you are successfully loading Analytics.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment also provides a Chrome web extension, [Segment Inspector](https://segment.com/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/#segment-inspector), which you can use to validate that you're successfully loading Analytics.js.
```

- **Safari**: `COMMAND+OPTION+I` (Mac) or `CTRL+ALT+I` (Windows) and then click on the **Console** tab.
- **IE**: `F12` and then click on the **Console** tab.

> Alternatively, Segment provides the [Segment Inspector](https://segment.com/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/#segment-inspector), a Chrome web extension designed to enable debugging of your Segment integration in web applications that are instrumented with Analytics.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, Segment provides the [Segment Inspector](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/#segment-inspector), a Chrome web extension designed to enable debugging of your Segment integration in web applications that are instrumented with Analytics.js.
```

## Is there a size limit on requests?

Yes, 32KB per event message. Events with a payload larger than 32KB are accepted by Analytics.js, with the browser returning a `200` response from the Segment servers, but the event will be silently dropped once it enters Segment's pipeline. 

## Analytics.js failing to load due to Ad Blockers or Browser Privacy Settings

> Segment advises against circumventing tracking blockers or browser privacy settings for client-side tracking. The user has ultimate control as to what gets loaded on the page. Segment acknowledges that this can result in some data loss in client-side tracking and suggests [workarounds](https://segment.com/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/#ad-blocking) to address this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment advises against circumventing tracking blockers or browser privacy settings for client-side tracking. The user has ultimate control as to what gets loaded on the page. Segment acknowledges that this can result in some data loss in client-side tracking and suggests [workarounds](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/#ad-blocking) to address this issue.
```

## Analytics.js and Destinations not tracking query string parameters on certain Safari iOS and MacOS Versions

> Please be aware that due to updates in certain Safari iOS and MacOS versions, our Analytics.js and Destinations tools might experience limitations in capturing query string parameters. As a result, customers may notice some events missing campaign information.

Reviewer 3: Is it worth calling out the versions (iOS 17+ and MacOS Sonoma) and/or at least the time frame in which they were released (both in September of 2023 I believe?)

Reviewer: imo, if these are the only two versions, I think it would be helpful to call them out. However, if it's an extensive list, then it may be fine as is

Author: There might be other versions as Apple releases them, so a high-level note should be sufficient.

> Please be aware that due to updates in certain Safari iOS and MacOS versions, our Analytics.js and Destinations tools might experience limitations in capturing query string parameters. As a result, customers may notice some events missing campaign information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to updates in certain Safari iOS and MacOS versions, Segment's Analytics.js and Destinations tools might experience limitations in capturing query string parameters. As a result, you may notice some events missing campaign information.
```

Author: @rchinn-segment are we good to merge this?
